1) It's been observed that few of the teams have changed the background theme of the PPT slide, 
   alignment of the headings & layout, more than 4 slides have been made. KINDLY DON'T DO IT.

2) Don't delete any of the information available in the PPT template.

3) Delete only the 5th slide.

4) Kindly once again, review your PPT, show it to your Mentors, Senior Professors, 
   before finalizing your contents in the PPT & uploading in the team leader portal.

5) Institute Code (AISHE): U-0725

7) Download the College Authorization Letter template which is shared here.

8) Add your Team Name by replacing the text mentioned in Red Color.

9) After replacing with your Team Name, make all the text color: BLACK

10) Add Team details without any spelling mistakes / wrong email id / wrong contact no.

11) Email-id must be your REVA Email-id only.

12) I have included our Director name; respective school teams can include your Director name.

13) Before taking printout, please verify all the details, see to that no mistakes are there.

14) Take the printout in REVA LETTERHEAD ONLY, get it from the respective School Office staff.

15) Take a sign from your director along with a seal.

16) Scan the signed letter in PDF format only.

17) Filename format: TeamLeaderName_TeamName_CollegeAuthorizationLetter

18) Please don't give space between the words.

19) Upload in the shared OneDrive Link on or before 3rd October 2023 by 4 PM.

20) OneDrive Link to upload Scanned College Authorization Letter:

SIH2023 - College Authorization Letters (100 Teams)



Request respective IIC coordinators / Mentors to coordinate with your student team leaders and make sure
 the following aspects are done accordingly without any errors:

1) Details in the College Authorization Letter (Please stick to the format)

2) Details in the Idea PPT (Please stick to the format & rules)

3) Let the team leaders enter the details in the Team Leader Portal in your presence only.

 Idea Title

Idea Description

Idea PPT Template (PDF format only)

Other Document / Report (PDF format only)

Abstract / Summary

Technology Bucket

YouTube Link  
     
    
Request all the 100 Team Leaders to complete IDEA SUBMISSION process in your Team Leader Portal 
 on or before 7th October 2023 by 4 PM.